# Feb 09, 09:30 AM

**Meeting Date:** 9th Feb, 2026 - 9:30 AM

---

**Speaker 1** *[00:01]*: Yeah, I'm trying to pick up chairs. He's been doing it all morning long. I didn't even get to work out. 
**Speaker 2** *[00:08]*: A personal problem to me. So the person that canceled, did you see it? Nick? 
**Speaker 3** *[00:13]*: I saw it. Mm. Christy. 
**Speaker 2** *[00:18]*: Christy Nunez. 
**Speaker 3** *[00:20]*: Okay. 
**Speaker 2** *[00:21]*: All right. She was at 2:30. So we have a 130, 12:30, at 1:30 and at 3:30. I think 4 o'. Clock. Yeah, I don't think you have a 3:30. I thought I did. 10:30, 11:30, 1:30. 
**Speaker 1** *[00:44]*: I was supposed to have you some podcast, but I guess we're done. 
**Speaker 2** *[00:48]*: We're done. We're done. You had questions, go ahead and fire those off where you're at, what you need done. 
**Speaker 4** *[00:59]*: I'm working on name badges right now. I'm compiling all the names, speakers, team, who they are, what their tag will be. So I'm compiling all that to finalize. 
**Speaker 3** *[01:11]*: Are you gonna have a speaker badge one on there? Oh, okay. 
**Speaker 2** *[01:15]*: Over soon. 
**Speaker 3** *[01:16]*: I didn't remember speakers, but that would kind of make sense. 
**Speaker 2** *[01:20]*: And I will call Jordan since she is not the sharpest tool in the toolbox. You saw what she sent a picture of poster board. And I'm like, I don't care the thickness. I want to know what they look like. Yeah. So then she sent us an image of ours. Correct. That's not what I want. I tried calling them, they couldn't do any calls. So I'll call her shortly. 
**Speaker 4** *[01:48]*: So I'm working on those. Finalizing the printouts, the five programs, the event one pager agenda, and the execution sheet. 
**Speaker 2** *[02:05]*: We need a workshop sign up sheet. 
**Speaker 4** *[02:10]*: Yes, I have that on my list as well. 
**Speaker 2** *[02:16]*: Which. 
**Speaker 4** *[02:16]*: Just a general sign up sheet. 
**Speaker 2** *[02:19]*: Just. 
**Speaker 4** *[02:20]*: Okay, you want people signing up for. 
**Speaker 2** *[02:23]*: That after or throughout the day? Just whatever. Yep. 
**Speaker 1** *[02:27]*: So it's on the table and then you're gonna announce it and have them go out. 
**Speaker 3** *[02:32]*: Sign up still and it'd be finite maybe or something. 
**Speaker 2** *[02:41]*: Who do we have working the booth? Michaela's out. Okay. That's all I was asking. 
**Speaker 4** *[02:51]*: Babysitters are not working out. 
**Speaker 2** *[02:55]*: So take those dagum kids away from them. They'll be more apt to help out. All right, so then we'll. We'll call Morgan and see if she's available. Okay. 
**Speaker 1** *[03:14]*: That would give us three. 
**Speaker 4** *[03:16]*: I mean, I figured I'd be at the booth during the handling stuff as it comes through. I don't know where else I'd be. 
**Speaker 2** *[03:28]*: I don't know. We don't know what we don't know yet. So I do not want any of btby People at our booth. 
**Speaker 4** *[03:38]*: So I assume they'd be at their own booth, right? 
**Speaker 2** *[03:41]*: Let's hope so. Okay. I'm not trying to be mean, but I do not want John or Kenya or Hairdo at our booth. 
**Speaker 1** *[03:50]*: Okay. I'm not going to be rude to him, though. 
**Speaker 2** *[03:52]*: I said I'm not gonna be me, but I don't want them there. 
**Speaker 1** *[03:56]*: But if they're at them, I can't stop them. Okay. Okay. That's what I'm trying to. 
**Speaker 2** *[04:00]*: I'm not gonna say, get out of my booth. Right. 
**Speaker 1** *[04:02]*: Okay. 
**Speaker 2** *[04:03]*: I might say, hey, don't you have something better to do? No, I won't say a word. But hopefully we'll line all this out. 
**Speaker 5** *[04:10]*: Probably be like, oh, we got the booth covered. And y' all got other things. 
**Speaker 1** *[04:14]*: Here's the thing. It's all gonna be the Unshakable Investor booth. 
**Speaker 2** *[04:18]*: So they have their own BTBY booth. 
**Speaker 1** *[04:21]*: Ours is going to be. 
**Speaker 2** *[04:22]*: That's correct. 
**Speaker 1** *[04:23]*: The Unshakable Investor Booth. So if they're standing behind it, they are representing the Unshakable Investor. 
**Speaker 3** *[04:29]*: Has. 
**Speaker 4** *[04:33]*: Any other speaker said that they're. 
**Speaker 3** *[04:34]*: Gonna have a booth? 
**Speaker 1** *[04:35]*: No, I don't know that. 
**Speaker 5** *[04:37]*: Say any of them. 
**Speaker 1** *[04:38]*: Nobody's gonna be bringing to it. 
**Speaker 3** *[04:41]*: Okay. 
**Speaker 2** *[04:41]*: And we won't have. We probably won't cart a booth to these other events other than the ones we have at workshops, like at Grants. We have a workshop. So we have to take our booth and Will you hit that behind you, please? I think I already cleared it, but. 
**Speaker 1** *[04:55]*: Just double check now at. Todd Holtz is bringing a camera. 
**Speaker 3** *[05:02]*: Is he really this. This event to follow him around and stuff? 
**Speaker 2** *[05:16]*: Just thinking. So. Yeah. So. But we'll have that. Everything is ready except for folders and inserts. Correct. Okay. 
**Speaker 4** *[05:32]*: And I'm trying to find one wall. 
**Speaker 2** *[05:33]*: Okay. We may swing by there and pick them up today. 
**Speaker 4** *[05:38]*: Either you can or I can. 
**Speaker 2** *[05:42]*: Well, I have my PT at 4, so I'll. I won't be able today. 
**Speaker 4** *[05:45]*: I'll grab them today. 
**Speaker 2** *[05:47]*: Yeah. 
**Speaker 3** *[05:48]*: What about sound and video? 
**Speaker 2** *[05:50]*: They're setting that up. So the hotel is providing it. But Jason here do. Supposed to be running all that. 
**Speaker 3** *[05:57]*: Okay. 
**Speaker 5** *[06:00]*: Intellect. 
**Speaker 2** *[06:01]*: Intellect. Yeah, he's got Fabio. 
**Speaker 5** *[06:05]*: I was gonna ask what the guy's hair looked like. At this point, I figured either was kind of like an Indian. 
**Speaker 1** *[06:13]*: Yeah, it's just long, straight. 
**Speaker 5** *[06:15]*: Yeah. 
**Speaker 2** *[06:16]*: He has a. 
**Speaker 1** *[06:17]*: And he carries a little dog. Wasn't he on the. 
**Speaker 3** *[06:19]*: Oh, my God. 
**Speaker 1** *[06:20]*: The other day, he has a little bag, and he puts his jacket over the back of it. You never know. He's got the dog with. 
**Speaker 5** *[06:28]*: What kind of dog is. 
**Speaker 1** *[06:29]*: It's just a little. No, no, it's like a chihuahua. 
**Speaker 5** *[06:35]*: I was interested. 
**Speaker 2** *[06:36]*: Something that you'd love to kick across the room. 
**Speaker 1** *[06:40]*: I've never wanted to kick a dog. So if he walks from here to over there without the dog starts whining. 
**Speaker 5** *[06:46]*: I couldn't do that. 
**Speaker 2** *[06:47]*: Yeah, it's bad. 
**Speaker 3** *[06:48]*: Is he married? 
**Speaker 1** *[06:48]*: That's. Yes. No. Oh, really? 
**Speaker 2** *[06:50]*: And she's like. 
**Speaker 1** *[06:52]*: And the dog likes her too. 
**Speaker 2** *[06:53]*: But she's like. She's probably in her early 60s. 
**Speaker 3** *[07:00]*: Such a weird. 
**Speaker 1** *[07:00]*: She's not six. 
**Speaker 2** *[07:01]*: You don't think. No, I'm not being mean. I mean, she. 
**Speaker 1** *[07:04]*: Late 40s. 
**Speaker 5** *[07:07]*: Maybe she just didn't age well. 
**Speaker 2** *[07:09]*: Okay. 
**Speaker 3** *[07:10]*: Yeah. 
**Speaker 1** *[07:13]*: I'm saying this because she's a little homely looking, so. She's very homely looking, so he aged her greatly. 
**Speaker 2** *[07:20]*: She reminded me of my grandma when I was 20. How old is he? 35. 
**Speaker 3** *[07:27]*: He's got. 
**Speaker 2** *[07:29]*: I. I think. I don't know. She looks 15 years older than him. I'll just say that whatever the actual age is, she looks a lot older than him. All right, they're all coming in town tomorrow night. Okay. We will have a meeting probably in the conference room. I got. I was gonna send you to Home Depot, but I'm not going to now. I gotta get all this off of this. Oh, that's gotta go pick it up. 
**Speaker 5** *[07:55]*: And put it somewhere. 
**Speaker 2** *[07:56]*: All right. 
**Speaker 3** *[07:58]*: In that server. 
**Speaker 2** *[07:58]*: I mean, shelves in there to put them on to get it up off the floor and get it to where it doesn't break so that when we do need it's accessible. So I was gonna send him to Home Depot. 
**Speaker 1** *[08:10]*: Do you want to just put them in there for now? 
**Speaker 2** *[08:12]*: There's nowhere to put them. Be right on the floor. And then we're right back to the same crap that we bring. 
**Speaker 1** *[08:16]*: If we kind of shove them in the corner, there's. 
**Speaker 2** *[08:18]*: It's already. 
**Speaker 1** *[08:19]*: There's some boxes back there. 
**Speaker 3** *[08:21]*: It's like we take the stands off some of them. You could probably organize them. 
**Speaker 2** *[08:24]*: Yeah. 
**Speaker 4** *[08:29]*: Hey, tell them to call me back. 
**Speaker 5** *[08:32]*: Who will be in office tomorrow? Brenda will be in office. 
**Speaker 2** *[08:35]*: No, they're coming in town tomorrow night. 
**Speaker 4** *[08:37]*: So it's the walk through Wednesday. 
**Speaker 2** *[08:39]*: Walk through wings. 
**Speaker 4** *[08:40]*: Are you able to set up on these areas? 
**Speaker 1** *[08:42]*: I have a message out to the lady. She has not answered me yet. I will reach back out to her again. 
**Speaker 4** *[08:50]*: Reservation? I'm trying to finalize. We have it held, but she sent over a proposal contract for like an event. She's wording this all along, so I'm waiting for confirmation. 
**Speaker 2** *[09:00]*: Okay. 
**Speaker 1** *[09:04]*: We switched the meal to Italian at the event, which is. 
**Speaker 2** *[09:09]*: I don't. I understand why, but it's the worst thing to do at any. 
**Speaker 1** *[09:12]*: I can't help it. I didn't have a choice. 
**Speaker 2** *[09:14]*: I said I understand why. 
**Speaker 1** *[09:16]*: The place were going in the evening was doing fajitas and fajitas were what were having for lunch. So I wasn't gonna make people eat fajitas for lunch and fajitas for dinner. So. So yes, I get that it's gonna be heavy and they're gonna be tired. If we serve them, we can make. 
**Speaker 5** *[09:33]*: Little bitty portions of the pasta, give them a lot of salad. 
**Speaker 3** *[09:36]*: It'll be interesting though. I mean, it's different though. So I mean, that's good. 
**Speaker 2** *[09:41]*: Yeah. All right. 
**Speaker 3** *[09:44]*: So I mean it seems like on our eventbrite page we have like 115. There's like 55 people from there. And then we have like 27 from the other Eventbrite page. So that's like 82 plus the speakers and plus us. I mean that's close to 100. But you know who's gonna show up? I don't know how we can measure that. 
**Speaker 5** *[10:08]*: I will say because I sent it out to a bunch of our lenders are all like, oh yeah, we're gonna come. And like several of our brokers are like, yeah, I'll come. And I was like register. I haven't seen you register, so I need you to register. 
**Speaker 1** *[10:18]*: Well, I did. 
**Speaker 2** *[10:25]*: End up. 
**Speaker 4** *[10:26]*: Well, that's what I'm going through right now. When people bought multiple tickets, the second person's not. 
**Speaker 3** *[10:32]*: And I was going to do that. 
**Speaker 1** *[10:33]*: Today too evening because we came down. 
**Speaker 4** *[10:36]*: On putting them in to go out. 
**Speaker 3** *[10:37]*: Seeing, making sure everybody isn't there. Yeah, okay. 
**Speaker 4** *[10:41]*: Cuz I'm finalizing that for the badges. That's all I have for the event. Printouts for everything. Name badges, dinner reservations. 
**Speaker 3** *[10:59]*: That's it. 
**Speaker 1** *[11:00]*: Are you wanting to sell those shirts? 
**Speaker 2** *[11:02]*: Yes. 
**Speaker 1** *[11:06]*: It's always been the eyebrows. 
**Speaker 2** *[11:08]*: It's always been selling the shirts. 
**Speaker 1** *[11:09]*: Okay, so we need to do a sign for the price on the shirts. 
**Speaker 2** *[11:17]*: Cuz we talked about having men can hang it from and have the price. 
**Speaker 1** *[11:21]*: Come from that talk to you about you said no, you didn't have me. 
**Speaker 4** *[11:25]*: Back design it printed. 
**Speaker 1** *[11:26]*: Yeah. 
**Speaker 5** *[11:27]*: Because we even have a laminator somewhere if we needed the laminate it so we could put that. 
**Speaker 2** *[11:32]*: Yeah. 
**Speaker 5** *[11:32]*: In house. 
**Speaker 2** *[11:34]*: Yeah. So yeah, we've always talked about shell. 
**Speaker 1** *[11:37]*: Just gonna put it on the Table. 
**Speaker 3** *[11:38]*: You also have that. That one stand that like goes up, whatever that has you on it. That you could also. Are you gonna bring that? 
**Speaker 2** *[11:47]*: Oh, the Nairobi. 
**Speaker 3** *[11:48]*: The Nairobi one. 
**Speaker 2** *[11:49]*: We can. 
**Speaker 3** *[11:50]*: I was like, the back of it. You could like put like. You could have it, like have the sign on the front and on the back. But a shirt with the price or. 
**Speaker 2** *[11:56]*: Something if we did. Yeah. 
**Speaker 4** *[12:01]*: Did you really get a mannequin? 
**Speaker 2** *[12:03]*: No, I couldn't. Okay. I was told no. 
**Speaker 1** *[12:07]*: Okay. So they have the ones that you just hang it and it can sit on a table and. Yeah, so that was like $10. The mannequin was like 50. 
**Speaker 5** *[12:19]*: But if you get the mannequin that he can punch after, they could use it in their boxing and it would be. 
**Speaker 2** *[12:24]*: That's cool. 
**Speaker 5** *[12:25]*: Then it would be a dual purpose mannequin. 
**Speaker 2** *[12:27]*: That's cool. 
**Speaker 1** *[12:28]*: And Now I'm spending 200 on a mannequin so that he can punch it with the organ just so we can put a shirt on it. 
**Speaker 2** *[12:39]*: So we'll have the shirts and the books for sale. Everything else will be. 
**Speaker 1** *[12:43]*: So what's the. Okay, so we. 
**Speaker 2** *[12:45]*: Shirts are 20 bucks, books are 10. 
**Speaker 1** *[12:47]*: Okay. 
**Speaker 5** *[12:48]*: Yeah, we just want to put like the sizes that are. We have. So that people aren't like, oh, do. 
**Speaker 2** *[12:52]*: You have a small. 
**Speaker 5** *[12:52]*: Do you have three xl? We can put them and then put the prices. 
**Speaker 2** *[12:56]*: That's fine. You just need to mark the boxes so you'll know which one to pull it out of. Perfect. 
**Speaker 1** *[13:02]*: Yeah. Because I don't want a whole bunch on the table if we're trying to sell them because people are just gonna. 
**Speaker 5** *[13:06]*: Walk by and try. 
**Speaker 1** *[13:07]*: I stay table. Yeah. 
**Speaker 5** *[13:08]*: Put the price in front of them. Are all the books priced the same or do they have different prices? 
**Speaker 3** *[13:13]*: Let's make them easy. 
**Speaker 2** *[13:14]*: Okay. What else? 
**Speaker 3** *[13:25]*: You talked about a giveaway. I don't know. Talked about it, but that's X nade. That's a six. 
**Speaker 2** *[13:30]*: I hadn't. Hadn't concluded either way. 
**Speaker 3** *[13:33]*: Yeah. 
**Speaker 2** *[13:35]*: I'm struggling really hard with this. This is bad timing, let me tell you. 
**Speaker 3** *[13:44]*: Yeah. 
**Speaker 2** *[13:48]*: So I'm sure we'll do something. 
**Speaker 3** *[13:51]*: Yeah. I'll just popped up my head, determined what it popped up in my head. 
**Speaker 2** *[13:56]*: Yeah. 
**Speaker 1** *[13:59]*: Well, like, if you give a free ebook, then people aren't going to want to buy your books because they got a free ebook. So depending on what you're thinking. 
**Speaker 2** *[14:13]*: Yeah. I haven't thought too much about it, to be honest with you. I hadn't really dug into it. 
**Speaker 5** *[14:36]*: You're making my arm hurt just watching. 
**Speaker 1** *[14:38]*: Me try to get comfortable. 
**Speaker 2** *[14:39]*: Yep. I gotta do exercises anyway, so. Good timing. What else? Ads. Where we at? 
**Speaker 3** *[14:47]*: They're. I mean, they're moving ever since I changed that. Go ahead. 
**Speaker 2** *[14:51]*: Just reminded me something else we need to talk about. 
**Speaker 3** *[14:54]*: I changed the landing page on Friday to have a free ticket also. And we're continuing to get people who like start and then don't finish. Looks like that list is about 40 people who haven't even got a free ticket and didn't get it for whatever reason. But over the weekend I think we had like seven people get a ticket from the ad. So specifically a free ticket. But then last night I changed it to go from like more of like, I don't know, is this like 200 miles from here? And then now like going forward, it's only going to be like 50 miles from here. Okay, so then maybe, you know, a last, like final push, maybe get another 20 or more people or so I don't know if still want to call people, but maybe the people that, you know, didn't. 
**Speaker 3** *[15:48]*: That opted in but didn't get, didn't buy. That would be a good list to. To talk with because that would be like 40ish people I think I saw and say like, hey, a free ticket. 
**Speaker 5** *[15:58]*: Or have happened that stopped it from going through. 
**Speaker 3** *[16:01]*: Yep. 
**Speaker 2** *[16:02]*: So I did a deal. So two things. One, you guys discussed about the event. The webinar, we moved it to Thursday afternoon. Got a pretty good audience thus far, has it monetized. And the three people that I talked to, I don't know that any of them will buy. So not to say that audience is better. I do know that we got more. We got 12 book calls out of it with less. Well, we have 90 something along. Right. 
**Speaker 4** *[16:40]*: Almost a repeat. 
**Speaker 3** *[16:42]*: Yeah. 
**Speaker 2** *[16:43]*: The only variable is going to be is do we close anybody? 
**Speaker 3** *[16:47]*: Yeah. 
**Speaker 4** *[16:50]*: Just nobody from the other webinar has closed. 
**Speaker 2** *[16:54]*: We have a couple of them coming to the event. That may solidify the deal. Correct. 
**Speaker 3** *[16:58]*: True. 
**Speaker 2** *[17:00]*: So then the other variable is Angie thinks that we should run it alternating. 
**Speaker 5** *[17:05]*: I think that's a good idea. I don't have to do anything. 
**Speaker 2** *[17:07]*: Thursday afternoon, Tuesday night, then the Thursday afternoon, Tuesday night and Thursday afternoon. That way we're hitting all demographics. 
**Speaker 5** *[17:14]*: It kind of gives you. And if somebody can't attend, they can always go to the next. 
**Speaker 2** *[17:18]*: So we run one tomorrow night and then next Thursday. Yeah. And then so you have. 
**Speaker 4** *[17:24]*: You're going to have two big ones and little ones. 
**Speaker 2** *[17:27]*: Yeah, big gaps, short gaps. Big gap, short gaps. We're not running one tomorrow night because of Thursday's event. But under that format we would be normally running one tomorrow night. 
**Speaker 5** *[17:42]*: So are we staying with Thursday or. 
**Speaker 1** *[17:44]*: Going back to Tuesday? We're doing both. 
**Speaker 5** *[17:48]*: I get that. My question, were you gonna do just the afternoon for the evening? Are you gonna stay with just Tuesday? Because changing the. I don't know if changing it so. 
**Speaker 2** *[18:01]*: Complete Thursday 1, Tuesday, 6. 
**Speaker 1** *[18:05]*: My question. 
**Speaker 2** *[18:06]*: Okay. 
**Speaker 5** *[18:07]*: Are you gonna. If you kept them on the same date, they would have the same amount of time each time to market there. They would just have one in the afternoon and then one in the evening versus different days and different times. 
**Speaker 2** *[18:19]*: I don't understand you. 
**Speaker 1** *[18:21]*: Okay. 
**Speaker 5** *[18:22]*: If you have Tuesday evenings. 
**Speaker 3** *[18:23]*: Okay. 
**Speaker 5** *[18:24]*: And you have Thursday afternoons. 
**Speaker 2** *[18:26]*: Okay. 
**Speaker 5** *[18:27]*: They have less time to market between a week. 
**Speaker 1** *[18:30]*: You're only doing one a week. 
**Speaker 2** *[18:32]*: Only doing one a week. The only problem is going to be on the Thursday afternoon. 
**Speaker 5** *[18:36]*: I got you to the following Tuesday. 
**Speaker 2** *[18:42]*: That's your only short window. Okay. Is that Thursday noon to the Tuesday evening is only a five day. 
**Speaker 5** *[18:48]*: Okay. 
**Speaker 2** *[18:49]*: I thought were talking Tuesday evening to the Thursday afternoon is 10 days. 
**Speaker 3** *[18:53]*: Okay. 
**Speaker 2** *[18:54]*: Does that make sense? 
**Speaker 5** *[18:54]*: Yeah, that makes sense. 
**Speaker 2** *[18:55]*: So you may have. 
**Speaker 1** *[18:56]*: Don't be. 
**Speaker 2** *[18:57]*: Yeah. 
**Speaker 5** *[18:58]*: It would just be different. 
**Speaker 1** *[18:59]*: Still only one a week. 
**Speaker 3** *[19:01]*: Okay. 
**Speaker 5** *[19:02]*: That was where. 
**Speaker 2** *[19:03]*: Okay. 
**Speaker 5** *[19:03]*: Yeah. 
**Speaker 2** *[19:04]*: And I thought that's where you're going. But I wanted to hear they don't. 
**Speaker 5** *[19:06]*: Have any time to market anything in there. 
**Speaker 2** *[19:07]*: I wanted it to come out of your mouth. Okay, let me see if I can get you all flustered. No, no. Okay. 
**Speaker 5** *[19:17]*: I don't mind feeling less intelligent at the moment. 
**Speaker 2** *[19:22]*: Yeah. And the good news is it's Thursday afternoon and you have. We start running the ads Thursday morning. Yeah. You got Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday, almost all day Tuesday. So that gives you a five day window. 
**Speaker 1** *[19:36]*: And. 
**Speaker 5** *[19:37]*: Yeah, I just was thinking the same. 
**Speaker 1** *[19:39]*: Yeah, I was like next time we'll have the four blocks on Thursday and then you'll have all day Friday you can block. Which this time we. It. We really didn't have the time allotted because of circumstances. 
**Speaker 2** *[19:58]*: Yeah. The other thing we need to do. So I was, I jumped on a deal to run through it and it was an App and ask 10, 12, 15 questions. 
**Speaker 3** *[20:15]*: Multiple choice. 
**Speaker 2** *[20:16]*: Multiple choice or. Yeah. Or how likely are you? 
**Speaker 3** *[20:21]*: Well, yeah, you didn't. You didn't physically type. Yeah. 
**Speaker 2** *[20:23]*: You have to just click on. But my thought process was we should be doing something like this. I sent it to you. 
**Speaker 3** *[20:30]*: Yeah. 
**Speaker 2** *[20:31]*: On the four pillars. So if your business, you know, the question starts out of these four pillars, which one do you feel you need the most help on? And Whichever one they pick, then the questions go through, and then we rank it on a scale of 1 to 50 or whatever, 1 to 20, it doesn't matter. We rank their answers so that they are less than 20% at achievable opportunity. And through the program, by installing and doing this, we would get you to that optimum success. And this would all be automated. 
**Speaker 3** *[21:11]*: And you think the goal of the quiz is not to find the pillar that's needed, but ranking their business more so on that from what you're saying. 
**Speaker 2** *[21:20]*: Ranking their business more so from the. 
**Speaker 3** *[21:21]*: Pillars as questions and stuff. 
**Speaker 2** *[21:24]*: Because then we could follow up from that once they. For I think it was $3 and 30 cents a day, which is $150 a month, they would have this program that they could run through and do the KPIs, all the metrics and all this. 
**Speaker 3** *[21:38]*: And I know you said daily, weekly, like monthly. 
**Speaker 2** *[21:40]*: Well, so that was one of the things that I'm seeing with even Andy Elliott, all these. These guys break this down to a daily cost. They'll take that $12,000 deal and say you're paying $3.99 a day or two. 
**Speaker 3** *[21:53]*: Well, yeah, those people are probably paying forever, too. 
**Speaker 2** *[21:56]*: Yeah. 
**Speaker 3** *[21:56]*: Yeah. So they can do that. 
**Speaker 2** *[21:58]*: Yeah. They're paying for 12 months, but they break it down to the simplest amount. It's like, you know, where you can relate to it. 
**Speaker 5** *[22:05]*: Yeah, I can't give them a Starbucks drink. And you can pay for this with any. 
**Speaker 2** *[22:09]*: I can't pay $12,000, but I can pay 3.99 a day concept. 
**Speaker 3** *[22:17]*: Okay. So maybe, you know, kind of run both. Both ads directly to, like, the daily cost of it and also one for the quiz or something like that, too. 
**Speaker 2** *[22:28]*: What do you mean? 
**Speaker 3** *[22:28]*: I'm just thinking about, you know, to. To get the people, you know, it's. We. We either have it like the quiz as the lead magnet or you try to have an ad directly for the cost of the program also. 
**Speaker 2** *[22:42]*: Well, so. And that if we build it out, they would get the course instantly, which would be. 
**Speaker 3** *[22:51]*: Which course? 
**Speaker 2** *[22:52]*: Whichever. One of the four pillars. 
**Speaker 3** *[22:54]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**Speaker 2** *[22:56]*: So if it's the CEO cadence and they say, I'm. I'm. You know, they enter where they're spending 60 hours a day. Everything relies upon them. They're making all the decisions. They don't have time, all that. Then from that, we would start. We would. The course would take. Tell them we need your daily schedule. 
**Speaker 3** *[23:17]*: But everybody goes down a finite path, not specific. So there's like, certain ones, I guess, that we're not custom making things for people because they're paying little Universal. 
**Speaker 2** *[23:26]*: Yeah, that's correct. 
**Speaker 3** *[23:27]*: That's right. 
**Speaker 2** *[23:28]*: Yeah, it's universal. 
**Speaker 3** *[23:30]*: Okay. 
**Speaker 2** *[23:31]*: And we would have to create the if thens. If this is their struggle, then this is the questionnaire. And if this is what they say, then this is the discipline that needs to be implemented. And it would give them then a daily protocol. And if they plug that protocol in, it would measure accordingly. No different than what we did on the ignite. If people were doing the courses, it would show the completion. 
**Speaker 3** *[24:00]*: If we can do that in go high level, I don't know how that will look because we can do like you have lessons of homework which they would input if they do them or if you want to take it out of go high level and try to make something else. 
**Speaker 2** *[24:18]*: I think it might have to be an app. 
**Speaker 3** *[24:20]*: Yeah. Which I mean, nowadays, you know, the line is thinner to be able to do that with like the tools that we have. And so we can see that. I mean, we could. It really is possible nowadays, which is cool. 
**Speaker 2** *[24:36]*: I thought so too, since we already. 
**Speaker 3** *[24:37]*: Have a developer account. So we could use that. So yeah, I mean, I can. 
**Speaker 2** *[24:44]*: And the biggest variable would be all the if thens that we would come up with and we would just set, you know, maybe a 30 or 50 question parameter and that's it. And you get the results from that. And as you do your daily inputs, you're being measured on that activity. 
**Speaker 3** *[25:07]*: Okay. And so if I'm, I mean, I'm most likely not gonna have. It's gonna be a range on a scale of all of the pillars. You know, you may be really good in one. Okay. In two and bad in one. 
**Speaker 2** *[25:20]*: And so we would. Correct. We would set that up as a ranking. Which one do you see you're lacking the most? And if you click all four, well, then there'd be a whole series of questions and that would. So it's $3.50 a day per pill. 
**Speaker 3** *[25:36]*: You want to do that? 
**Speaker 2** *[25:37]*: Oh, yeah, yeah. 
**Speaker 3** *[25:38]*: Okay. 
**Speaker 2** *[25:38]*: Per pill. 
**Speaker 3** *[25:39]*: Okay. 
**Speaker 2** *[25:40]*: Yeah. So if you want, if you need all four pillars, then we need to talk. 
**Speaker 3** *[25:45]*: Okay. 
**Speaker 2** *[25:46]*: Because it would be cheaper for us just to create the program for $5,000 or even the 12,000. But I think I priced it at a $150 a month. 
**Speaker 3** *[25:59]*: If you do it at $5 a day. Yeah, 150. Yeah, we can do that and test it out and see what that looks like whenever people are doing it. Like, I do struggle with the idea of whenever you're working on your business, are you on your phone or are you on your computer kind of idea. So, like, is it, you know, an app is good to have if I use my phone to do a lot of things or if it's a. If I'm more on my computer, then it's more of a website kind of idea. But so. Well, both of them would be harder. So we could, I guess just start with what something would look like on mobile, go from that. It'd be something newer, maybe a little bit buggy. But you know, if we just. 
**Speaker 3** *[26:53]*: If we get to the first draft really fast, if you really want to do that and it might be bad, but working and then just work off of something, then we would figure out. 
**Speaker 2** *[27:02]*: What'S not working and why it's not working and build from there. Agreed. Have we got anything from Robson putting into the portal this morning? 
**Speaker 3** *[27:12]*: Oh, the one. Yeah, the one drive he was on there. 
**Speaker 2** *[27:15]*: He was. 
**Speaker 3** *[27:16]*: He was on. Yeah. 
**Speaker 2** *[27:17]*: Oh, he's on today. 
**Speaker 3** *[27:19]*: But I checked on the call. 
**Speaker 2** *[27:22]*: Check. There was 30 some on today. 
**Speaker 1** *[27:24]*: It was almost 28 is what I saw. 
**Speaker 2** *[27:27]*: I was trying to count squares and names. 
**Speaker 1** *[27:30]*: Yeah, 28 is what I saw. And I told you the ones I didn't recognize the new ones. 
**Speaker 3** *[27:35]*: There were some. Yeah, yeah. 
**Speaker 2** *[27:39]*: Do we have. Who was the guy that kept flipping through his phone? Who was that? I told you to hide? 
**Speaker 5** *[27:44]*: Johnny Jumper. 
**Speaker 2** *[27:45]*: Johnny Jumper, that's right. 
**Speaker 3** *[27:46]*: Johnny jump up. Doug. Doug who? Oh, it's Theo. Johnny jump up. Yeah, Theo. 
**Speaker 2** *[27:52]*: Okay, I'm going to. He's scrolling. He was going through Tik Tok on his phone the whole time. So all you can see was his finger scanning through the whole time. And I let it go for the longest and then I told him. 
**Speaker 3** *[28:05]*: Yeah, I didn't see that. 
**Speaker 2** *[28:08]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**Speaker 3** *[28:08]*: Which is good. 
**Speaker 2** *[28:11]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**Speaker 5** *[28:13]*: He was almost. 
**Speaker 4** *[28:14]*: I think there's three screens. 
**Speaker 2** *[28:17]*: Yeah, he was on my screen. I just. That's all I could see was just because he's like this with his camera and all you can see is his finger doing this the whole time. He can tell he was on TikTok. Just scrolled. Don't do that on my call. 
**Speaker 1** *[28:30]*: So how's he got the camera up and he filmed another? 
**Speaker 2** *[28:33]*: Because you just move it to another. You show you. 
**Speaker 3** *[28:36]*: Yeah, you can. 
**Speaker 2** *[28:36]*: You can do that on your phone sees you and then you see your screen. 
**Speaker 5** *[28:39]*: Okay. 
**Speaker 2** *[28:40]*: You can change that easily. 
**Speaker 3** *[28:41]*: Yeah. 
**Speaker 2** *[28:45]*: So I almost called him out, but I didn't feel like that big of a jerk. 
**Speaker 3** *[28:51]*: Yeah. 
**Speaker 2** *[28:52]*: Because I didn't want him to say, yeah, I was looking for some information about the environment and they make me look like an idiot. So I just told you just close. 
**Speaker 1** *[29:01]*: I just googled Mr. Tolson. 
**Speaker 2** *[29:08]*: But he did it almost the entire time. So. All right, what else do we need to do? 
**Speaker 3** *[29:16]*: The, the automation on A and B weeks will be a little trickier just from how we have things set up currently. Gonna have to think through that, which hopefully won't delay us doing a Tuesday webinar from there. But we just have to figure if you right now people like go through three weeks to try to get them back on the webinar back to do. 
**Speaker 2** *[29:40]*: How many of those are coming back through though? 
**Speaker 3** *[29:42]*: We. I don't have the number in front of me. But what I know is that it seems to be that around 75% of the people who join are from that first week and about 25% are from week two or three. So like 25 people from this last webinar were from previous weeks. 
**Speaker 1** *[30:01]*: Let me ask you something. Can they not be marketed to both? 
**Speaker 3** *[30:06]*: If you want to go to the. 
**Speaker 2** *[30:08]*: Automation. 
**Speaker 1** *[30:11]*: To run the same. 
**Speaker 4** *[30:13]*: Give the exact same automations. 
**Speaker 3** *[30:17]*: And based. 
**Speaker 4** *[30:18]*: On whatever ad they do, they just go to this one or this one. So we'd have two running. 
**Speaker 3** *[30:22]*: They just continue to stay on every other week for six weeks, correct? 
**Speaker 1** *[30:27]*: Yeah. And then they would create. They would stay on that one and then you'd put them on this one. So they're running every week. 
**Speaker 3** *[30:34]*: Yeah, because we like if they register once we register them and in two and three, we just add them. They don't re. Register again. So yeah, I mean we can do that and yeah, I guess if they. 
**Speaker 2** *[30:50]*: Well, think through it. 
**Speaker 3** *[30:51]*: Yeah, that's all. 
**Speaker 2** *[30:52]*: Yeah. 
**Speaker 3** *[30:57]*: I guess that'd be the simplest way. We just have to have different. 
**Speaker 4** *[31:04]*: Yeah, that's separate complicated to build up one automation. 
**Speaker 3** *[31:18]*: Because like right now there's not as much incentive if you're on week two and three to go back on the webinar since we like kind of do the same webinar each time. And so that is like kind of the fight to try to sell somebody to come back into those ones. But I still think it's a great way because we have more people that come on. But we might just change up the language maybe or. 
**Speaker 2** *[31:45]*: So if I was on the first webinar or say I was on last week's webinar and I'm now getting targeted or no, let me say I registered but I didn't show up, now I'm getting Targeted to come back. 
**Speaker 3** *[32:08]*: The same one. 
**Speaker 2** *[32:09]*: But I wouldn't know it was the same one because I didn't go to the first one. You would. Or would. Right? 
**Speaker 3** *[32:14]*: I mean, you would. 
**Speaker 2** *[32:15]*: Or. 
**Speaker 3** *[32:15]*: I mean, it'd be so you. 
**Speaker 2** *[32:17]*: But that's what I'm trying to play this out. 
**Speaker 3** *[32:18]*: A lot of people text back on. 
**Speaker 4** *[32:20]*: Them, hey, we missed you. They're like, sorry, I was just doing this. 
**Speaker 2** *[32:23]*: We will have it on the next. Yeah, agree. That's what I'm saying. So I don't know that it's a negative is where I'm going. 
**Speaker 3** *[32:29]*: It's. I don't think it is. 
**Speaker 2** *[32:30]*: Okay. 
**Speaker 3** *[32:31]*: No, I don't. I do think it's. It is. 
**Speaker 2** *[32:36]*: Agreed. Yeah, agreed. Agreed. Yeah. 
**Speaker 3** *[32:40]*: Which is true. 
**Speaker 2** *[32:42]*: Okay. I was just making sure. I was playing that out to see if they. If I missed it. 
**Speaker 3** *[32:49]*: I don't know. 
**Speaker 2** *[32:50]*: It's the same one. 
**Speaker 3** *[32:51]*: You may. Yeah. I mean, I don't know if the. 
**Speaker 2** *[32:54]*: Content is the same. I would assume it's the same because why would you have different webinars? Huh? 
**Speaker 4** *[32:59]*: I don't think we've done the same webinar. 
**Speaker 2** *[33:02]*: Getting close. Getting close. 
**Speaker 3** *[33:04]*: I mean, that's true. 
**Speaker 5** *[33:05]*: Well, they're live, so they're not scripted. So, I mean, they all have little. Some have a little more emphasis on this than the other. 
**Speaker 2** *[33:11]*: I'm gonna try to get to the meet quicker to the pillars quicker, especially. 
**Speaker 1** *[33:19]*: On the Thursday afternoon ones because those. 
**Speaker 2** *[33:22]*: People are probably on a job or have only allocated a time. I don't know if I can do that with question and answers inside an hour. I don't. 
**Speaker 1** *[33:32]*: We may have to be more structured on when we ask the questions so that you get to A. 
**Speaker 5** *[33:38]*: Okay. 
**Speaker 1** *[33:38]*: This is a question and answer. 
**Speaker 4** *[33:40]*: Don't do Q and A to lead. 
**Speaker 3** *[33:42]*: Stop, or you stop and say what questions? 
**Speaker 2** *[33:45]*: Everybody. Everybody loved the questions during. Because it kept it engaged. 
**Speaker 3** *[33:48]*: Yeah, you're talking about that, Tom. 
**Speaker 1** *[33:50]*: That's great for Tuesdays where you have more time, but on Thursdays, if you're trying to control the time, then we do all the question and answer at one time, and then you move on. 
**Speaker 5** *[34:03]*: Instead of periodically throughout it. 
**Speaker 1** *[34:05]*: It's not just at the end. Yeah, he'll have slides that'll go in and say question, answer. And that's when we start reading off the questions. And we're just controlling the questions because they're all typed in. And then at the end, you say, are there any. 
**Speaker 5** *[34:19]*: I mean, you can do it in between each pillar. Because you do have four pillars. 
**Speaker 1** *[34:23]*: It would give you four that way they stay engaged. 
**Speaker 2** *[34:26]*: I think if I get to the pillars inside 20 minutes. 20, 25 minutes, we're ahead of the game. 
**Speaker 3** *[34:31]*: Yeah. 
**Speaker 2** *[34:32]*: So. So I'm going to work on that. 
**Speaker 3** *[34:35]*: Yeah, I think so. There shouldn't really be that many questions. Really. Up front or we shouldn't answer a lot. 
**Speaker 2** *[34:41]*: Yeah. 
**Speaker 1** *[34:42]*: And some of them. 
**Speaker 5** *[34:43]*: Can you tell me what I'm. I mean, basically. 
**Speaker 3** *[34:45]*: Right. There's some ones that you didn't have. 
**Speaker 5** *[34:46]*: To hear your answer, and we can answer those if you'll wait. Within the next 10 minutes, you should be start hearing the answers you need. 
**Speaker 2** *[34:57]*: High school kids. 
**Speaker 3** *[35:00]*: You feel like there's high school kids? 
**Speaker 2** *[35:02]*: No, I feel like you're. We're dealing with high school kids. Yeah. 
**Speaker 3** *[35:06]*: Yeah. 
**Speaker 2** *[35:06]*: If you'd shut up, you're gonna get there. We're seven minutes into it. You want to know what the program is? 
**Speaker 3** *[35:12]*: Pretty much. 
**Speaker 5** *[35:12]*: You haven't told me how to do this yet. 
**Speaker 2** *[35:14]*: No, because that's so weird. Oh, sorry. I forgot about that. 
**Speaker 5** *[35:20]*: Thank you, Captain ob. 
**Speaker 2** *[35:23]*: I'm still really bothered by the one lady's review. 
**Speaker 1** *[35:28]*: She still gave you a five out of five. 
**Speaker 2** *[35:31]*: That was a typo. You can't give me a five out of five and then tell me everything was wrong. It's just. That's just stupid. 
**Speaker 1** *[35:36]*: Oh, that's a different person, though. 
**Speaker 2** *[35:38]*: Yeah. You can't give me five out of five and then tell me everything was wrong. And I know it'll never be perfect. We now have people on Facebook calling us. Calling. Calling me a grifter. 
**Speaker 3** *[35:52]*: I don't know what that means. 
**Speaker 2** *[35:53]*: Somebody who says that there's something that they're not to gain money. 
**Speaker 3** *[35:59]*: Never heard. 
**Speaker 2** *[36:00]*: Like a false prophet, like a preacher who's going out preaching the gospel, but they're living in. 
**Speaker 5** *[36:05]*: Well, if you don't have haters, you're. 
**Speaker 4** *[36:07]*: Not doing it for your followers or your random people. 
**Speaker 2** *[36:10]*: Random people. 
**Speaker 5** *[36:11]*: Yeah. 
**Speaker 2** *[36:11]*: Posting on that one. 
**Speaker 1** *[36:12]*: Well, and that's what I said. They're people that don't know. 
**Speaker 3** *[36:14]*: Oh. Just out. 
**Speaker 1** *[36:14]*: That different if it was someone that you knew still. 
**Speaker 5** *[36:18]*: Well, because people love negative energy. 
**Speaker 2** *[36:20]*: Of course. 
**Speaker 5** *[36:21]*: I mean, somebody said something mean like, we keep going with it. 
**Speaker 1** *[36:25]*: How can you say that about someone you don't know? 
**Speaker 2** *[36:28]*: I'll go. I'll go find their profile or go hit their profile and they'll have like 100 friends. 
**Speaker 5** *[36:32]*: Turn the comments off on that. 
**Speaker 2** *[36:34]*: We don't want to. Yeah, you don't. I hide it. 
**Speaker 4** *[36:36]*: It's good. 
**Speaker 3** *[36:37]*: Yeah, I hide it. 
**Speaker 2** *[36:38]*: But yeah, it's. It's becoming pretty profound now. So I can go. So Taylor's commented back and forth a couple times, why would you say this? And they give their reasoning. It's just like, well, it's not correct. And they go on. And then about that time, they're all just going there, hide them or block them. It removes it. But it's gotten. And it's now it's all. Before it was all about Trump lovers were lined up and you know, Christianity shouldn't be sold on stage or something like that. Now it's all, now we've got this whole other plethora of grifter followers that they're all, he's a grifter. He's a grifter. He's a grifter. So. And I just say, thank you for the kind words. I appreciate it, buddy. Yeah, that's so hard. 
**Speaker 5** *[37:30]*: It is. But I mean, you're not making a splash if people don't feel the need to. 
**Speaker 3** *[37:35]*: That's just, that's just the reality. 
**Speaker 2** *[37:38]*: The bigger the haters, the bigger the audience. 
**Speaker 3** *[37:40]*: Yeah. 
**Speaker 5** *[37:41]*: So, yeah. 
**Speaker 2** *[37:42]*: Greater the impact. 
**Speaker 5** *[37:43]*: Everybody that is somewhat popular says you have to stay out of your comments. 
**Speaker 3** *[37:46]*: Or, yeah, there's no way. You'll never have that feel about yourself. 
**Speaker 5** *[37:50]*: I don't read them. Yeah, I wouldn't, I don't read them. 
**Speaker 1** *[37:53]*: He's always, oh, look at these comments. Especially when back. And then. 
**Speaker 5** *[38:00]*: What good is it now? 
**Speaker 2** *[38:01]*: Battle back to everyone. 
**Speaker 1** *[38:03]*: Yeah. And I'm like, thank you. 
**Speaker 2** *[38:05]*: Thank you, brother. Hey, man, great hearing from you, buddy. I make it sound like we've been long lost friends. Hey man, it's been a long time since hearing from you. Thank you for the kind words. And they're like telling me I'm a POS and blah, blah. And I'm like, dude, it's been so long since we've spoken last. Thank you so much for your kind words. 
**Speaker 1** *[38:23]*: So it's an auto generated response. 
**Speaker 2** *[38:28]*: Could be. 
**Speaker 1** *[38:29]*: That fires them up even more. 
**Speaker 2** *[38:31]*: Yep. I'm gonna do everything in my power to be ready for Thursday, guys. But I can tell you, Thursday night I was not on my A game. Today I was nowhere close to my A game. I had a really, really bad day yesterday. Had not been able to sleep. Yeah. Have not been able to sleep. Cannot get comfortable to save my life. I'm like I said, I'm going to do everything in my power because we need this. We need this. We need this to launch. We need this to set the foundation and we need it to verify and validate what we're doing is the right thing. So if you guys just keep doing what you do. I do know that we doubled up on some medication about, what, two o' clock yesterday? No, it was later. Wasn't later. 
**Speaker 2** *[39:34]*: Whenever we did, it changed my whole attitude. Double it up. 
**Speaker 1** *[39:44]*: Hydrocodone. 
**Speaker 2** *[39:46]*: We doubled it up and I got into a better mood. I was in a really bad spot. 
**Speaker 3** *[39:50]*: Yeah, it's always that first week after. 
**Speaker 1** *[39:53]*: Sore and it's uncomfortable. 
**Speaker 5** *[39:55]*: It's the uncomfortable that makes the sore. 
**Speaker 2** *[39:57]*: His legs are cramping and I can't even stand. I'll stand up and my legs will cramp. My calves locked up. We sitting there. Mike, this calf locked up on me so bad that it bruised it. You know, you get that muscle cramp so tight. 
**Speaker 5** *[40:10]*: Your magnesium got to be really low. 
**Speaker 2** *[40:12]*: I know they're here at the office. I would order some and left them here at the office. So. So back on all that crap. But it was just. I'm telling you. 
**Speaker 3** *[40:20]*: Is it magnesium glycinate? Oh, good. 
**Speaker 2** *[40:22]*: Yeah. Yeah. So. But I had bought some on. I think it arrived on Friday, and I shoved it in my desk drawer, went home. 
**Speaker 3** *[40:31]*: Yep. Yeah. 
**Speaker 2** *[40:32]*: So. But I think by Thursday, this is progressing tremendously. I can put my shirt on and off myself. I can take the sleeve on and off myself. I've showered a couple times, and I. I thought I'd have Angie shower with me, but she said no, so I had to shower myself. That just ruined the whole damn thing of having a nurse. 
**Speaker 1** *[40:56]*: Hey, I sponge bathed. 
**Speaker 2** *[40:58]*: You should have stayed in the back. 
**Speaker 1** *[41:02]*: My dad screwed when he has his. 
**Speaker 5** *[41:04]*: Surgery because I'm like, I am not. 
**Speaker 2** *[41:06]*: A caretaker, so I don't know what else to tell you guys. Just. Let's just keep plugging along. My mind is not right, so I. I'm not much help right now. I can tell you straight up, I cannot focus. I'm concerned about our calls. I'm gonna try to maintain my energy the best I can, but I know on these three calls, the only call that was worth having was Jody's the chiropractor. 
**Speaker 3** *[41:37]*: I thought you didn't like her. 
**Speaker 2** *[41:38]*: I didn't. I don't like her. Yeah, but it was the only call that had. She was the only person that had a business that had money, that could afford this, that needed this. We put together the package and sent it to her. Have not heard of her back. She's the only one. Ryan Choi has no clue. 
**Speaker 3** *[41:54]*: Yeah, I was like, he was nothing. 
**Speaker 2** *[41:55]*: Hot Wheels and tear them apart and rebuild them and sell Them. 
**Speaker 1** *[41:58]*: Yeah. And you were like, how do you sell your apartment, Hot Wheels. 
**Speaker 3** *[42:00]*: Yeah, but you talk about, you know, the business building plan, people who don't have business, too. That also. 
**Speaker 2** *[42:05]*: Oh, when I asked him what. 
**Speaker 3** *[42:07]*: I mean, I know he didn't. I overheard some of it. 
**Speaker 2** *[42:09]*: He had no clue what he wanted to do. He says, I just want to do something where I can retire. Don't we all? 
**Speaker 3** *[42:14]*: Oh, great. 
**Speaker 2** *[42:15]*: Don't we all? 
**Speaker 3** *[42:15]*: Great. 
**Speaker 2** *[42:16]*: Yeah. 
**Speaker 3** *[42:18]*: I taught you in 20 years, and. 
**Speaker 1** *[42:19]*: I can tell you right now, Jody Omar. 
**Speaker 2** *[42:22]*: Oh, yeah, Jody. 
**Speaker 1** *[42:23]*: Jody is a horrible time manager. 
**Speaker 2** *[42:31]*: I agree. 
**Speaker 1** *[42:31]*: Horrible. 
**Speaker 2** *[42:32]*: Yeah. Like I said, she's. She's a valid client. She's a very valid client. No marketing, no clue. No AI. Time management is not on her side. We could help her tremendously. I don't know what she got out of the call. 
**Speaker 3** *[42:49]*: Yeah. 
**Speaker 2** *[42:51]*: So Omar. Omar's. Omar. 
**Speaker 1** *[43:00]*: Which one was Omar? 
**Speaker 3** *[43:01]*: Wholesaler. 
**Speaker 2** *[43:02]*: Yeah, the wholesaler out of Arizona. So we have. Yeah, we have three today we had four. We have three now. Plug and play. I changed this out here with all the cables and all that. Made everything. Took the extension cord out, plugged everything in, moved all your cables around. Reallocated. Yeah. I did your office and removed the plug. Oh, because you can't have two search papers. So I fixed all that. 
**Speaker 3** *[43:37]*: Okay. 
**Speaker 2** *[43:39]*: We still have to do that room. 
**Speaker 1** *[43:40]*: In there, which I told him it'd be next week. Before we call for a new. 
**Speaker 2** *[43:44]*: Okay. 
**Speaker 3** *[43:46]*: Was there something on the, like, exit here or something that you had to do? 
**Speaker 5** *[43:49]*: We got to put up an exit sign. 
**Speaker 3** *[43:51]*: How is that on us for that? 
**Speaker 5** *[43:53]*: Oh, it's not the building. 
**Speaker 1** *[43:55]*: That's why he was in. 
**Speaker 3** *[43:56]*: Okay. Yeah, yeah. 
**Speaker 2** *[43:58]*: So they have to have a light out here that when the switch goes off, the light stays on. Kind of like the front. The back door, and the front door does. 
**Speaker 3** *[44:04]*: Yeah. 
**Speaker 2** *[44:06]*: So that you can have. 
**Speaker 3** *[44:07]*: So it's always visible. Yeah, yeah. 
**Speaker 2** *[44:09]*: You can get through and not get trap. They never did that. Never was that way. So how they got the CEO before, I don't know. 
**Speaker 1** *[44:16]*: Well, what she said made sense in that we didn't. They didn't have desks. 
**Speaker 5** *[44:20]*: That's what I figured it might be. 
**Speaker 1** *[44:22]*: So it was never a workstation, but. 
**Speaker 2** *[44:26]*: You still had the office. 
**Speaker 3** *[44:27]*: You still have that exit? 
**Speaker 2** *[44:28]*: Yeah, the offices, it makes no sense. But this. He said he knows this a little bit. She's not one to. 
**Speaker 1** *[44:36]*: Yeah, they said she was real nice. They said code is correct. It's fine. But y' all were kicked out. 
**Speaker 5** *[44:44]*: I sat at the desk. You can't Someone had to let her in and then take her list. 
**Speaker 1** *[44:48]*: So the only thing we had was extensions. 
**Speaker 5** *[44:53]*: Yeah, she, like, hit me, like, at my nose. She was tiny. 
**Speaker 3** *[44:57]*: Yeah. No, I saw her when I was walking out. 
**Speaker 5** *[44:59]*: When she came in, I was like, did he send in the. 
**Speaker 3** *[45:02]*: This dude? 
**Speaker 5** *[45:02]*: Like, who is he? That's when he. She couldn't reach that light. He's like, did she bring a ladder? I said, no, she used one of our broomsticks. He said, yeah. Should have done it, right? Should have known. I was like, oh, for the emergency light. Yeah, well, you have to climb up so that you can tell that. Yeah, that battery had to hold it. She was clicking it, and it wasn't doing it. But she wasn't. She couldn't. She could barely reach it with the broomstick. 
**Speaker 1** *[45:27]*: And I'm wondering, is she the same one that'll come back out on the. The research? 
**Speaker 2** *[45:33]*: Okay. 
**Speaker 1** *[45:33]*: But, yeah, the stitchy core was the only people in. 
**Speaker 2** *[45:38]*: Yeah. Okay. All right, let's get after it. So do you want to do a. Create a flyer with the shirt and they put the price tag on it and eliminate it. 
**Speaker 1** *[45:55]*: Either just put shirts and books. 
